**Hi 👋! my name is Cody and I am the developer of the emoji inclusion app**

So, the Platform team has deployed and pre-configured TAP for me and gave me Developer access. 

Now, as Cody I have deployed my Emoji inclusion app on TAP with one command, but how did I get here in the first place?
Well, I have first opened my IDE (Integrated Developer Environment) of choice and started coding...no...wait! 
My Software Architect team actually gave me guidance and provided me with an Application Accelerator. 

Inspired by [start.spring.io](https://start.spring.io), **Application Accelerator for VMware Tanzu** enables developers like me to create new applications based on templates that follow enterprise standards defined by platform engineers and architects. This accelerates how I go from idea to production with ready-made, enterprise-conformant code and configurations with no need to read tons of docs straight away.

**INSTRUCTIONS**
By clicking on the below link, I will use the IDE plugin to create the Accelerator.
```editor:execute-command
command: workbench.view.extension.tanzu-app-accelerator
```

I can now see the full list of Accelerators available to me.

So, off I went and selected the **Inclusion** accelerator from the list, I have filled in the details that my project needed and pressed **Continue** until I see **Generate Project**. Finally, I clicked **Generate Project** (Click **OK** at the pop up window).

I can now see my code organised in my IDE. The important bit here is that amongst all the Spring and config files is the workload.yaml. This file is autogenerated by the Accelerator following all Kubernetes manifest structure and it describes how I want to deploy my app on any given Kubernetes infrastructure. 

Now, back to the Workshop page, press **TAP UI - CATALOG** button to continue.
